Update configure-advanced-scan-types-microsoft-defender-antivirus.md (#12387)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/configure-advanced-scan-types-microsoft-defender-antivirus.md

|Specify the maximum size (in kilobytes) of archive files that should be scanned. <p> **Scan** \> **Specify the maximum size of archive files to be scanned**|No limit|Not available <p>The default value of 0 applies no limit|
|Configure low CPU priority for scheduled scans <p> **Scan** \> **Configure low CPU priority for scheduled scans**|Disabled|Not available|

> [!NOTE]

> > Scan packed executables have been removed from the below templates
> > 1) Administrative Templates (.admx) for Windows 11 2022 Update (22H2)
> > 2) Administrative Templates (.admx) for Windows 11 October 2021 Update (21H2)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Scan packed executables have been removed from the following templates:
> - Administrative Templates (.admx) for Windows 11 2022 Update (22H2)
> - Administrative Templates (.admx) for Windows 11 October 2021 Update (21H2)
```
